Create GC-05-18.md (#784)
WebAssembly/meetings: gc/2021/GC-05-18.md

TL: no problem having a type in a recursion group, be a subtype of another type not in a recursion group?

AR: this might be actually a reason to allow nesting of recursion groups. Because you basically have recursion over recursive things. The subtyping rule for iso-rec is one rec group is subtype of another rec-group if you have both depth and width subtyping on components. Means that you can only extend one group in one dimension at a time. But if you have two mutually recursive classes, then the recursion group, for each clas the recursion between methods, then recursion between the two classe, which is one level up. The inner one want to be a subtype, but not on the combined thing.

RT: I understand it's complicated, asking if you have worked through to see if it works

AR: no, not in that detail. I'm pretty confident that it works sufficiently well, iso-recursive is often used as the type theorteic model of nominal types

RT: some red flags in representation. E.g. non-uniform recursion and how it is decidable. But it is known that non-uniform recursion that can handle OO subtyping, then it is undecidable

> CW: <something> bounded quantification

Author: ```suggestion
CW: Undecidable in the presence of bounded quantification?
```
@conrad-watt, does this get the gist of what you were saying?

Reviewer: perfect!

> RT: No, generics are undecidable with iso-recursive types without bounded quantification. Paper by <missed> names I presented to the group back in January.

Author: @RossTate, can you fill in the paper author here?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RT: No, generics are undecidable with iso-recursive types without bounded quantification. Follows from the [paper](https://kar.kent.ac.uk/58183/7/javats.pdf) by Radu Grigore as I presented to the group back in [December](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/blob/main/gc/2020/GC-12-15.md).
```
Here you go! Though, looking back, apparently it was December and not January.

Author: Excellent, thanks!
